README.md, before:

# Note Taker App

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-https%3A%2F%2Fnotes--by--ryanj.herokuapp.com%2Fnotes-brightgreen) 

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-node-lightgrey)

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-express.js-red)

![badge](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/1?color=blue&logoColor=purple&style=plastic)

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Project Development](#project-development)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributions](#contributors)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Project Development

- [Notetaker](https://notes-by-ryanj.herokuapp.com/)

## Usage

The user can produce a readme.md for the project they are working on by running this and answering the questions in the terminal after install the correct node tools. They       are given an auto generated document based on the input.

## Contributions

    Ryan Helm

## Questions

Contact me using gihub or email

:octocat: My GitHub: [rjhelm]((<https://github.com/rjhelm>)

My Email: ryjhelm@outlook.com

Commit message:

readme update//code check and error check

README.md, after:

# Note Taker App

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/heroku-https%3A%2F%2Fnotes--by--ryanj.herokuapp.com%2Fnotes-brightgreen) 

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-node-lightgrey)

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-express.js-red)

![badge](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/1?color=blue&logoColor=purple&style=plastic)

## Description

This is a note taking app that utilizes node and express to create notes that can be stored on a server, this allows the user to create notes, save the notes, and delete when the notes are no longer needed. This is all done on the server side because it was built using express. 

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributions](#contributors)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Usage

- [notes-by-ryan](https://notes-by-ryanj.herokuapp.com/)

![Notes Stored](https://github.com/rjhelm/note-taking-app/blob/afd9aa8b65798295473d2b103cadd7a95b976b6e/README.md#L26)

This shows the application deployed on a live server with the stored notes on the left hand side. The code was written so that notes can be edited and saved, once saved they are given a unique id so that they are stored on the server and can be deleted when the user is done with the note. The unique id for the note is identified and the note is deleted based on those parameters, the json file is then updated so that the note data is removed and notes will load with the updated correct notes.

![Notes Deleted](https://github.com/rjhelm/note-taking-app/blob/afd9aa8b65798295473d2b103cadd7a95b976b6e/README.md#L30)

## Contributions

    - Ryan Helm

## Questions

Contact me using gihub or email

:octocat: My GitHub: [rjhelm]((<https://github.com/rjhelm>)

My Email: ryjhelm@outlook.com
